docs: adding When to release or patch section (#270)
shorebirdtech/docs: src/content/docs/concepts.mdx

Patches are created by running `shorebird patch [platform]`, where `platform` is `android`, `aar`, or `ios`.

:::note

> For more information regarding when to create a patch, refer to our [FAQs](/faq#when-to-create-a-patch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information regarding when to create a patch, refer to our [FAQs](/faq#when-should-i-create-a-patch)
```

Patches are created by running `shorebird patch [platform]`, where `platform` is `android`, `aar`, or `ios`.

> Check our [FAQ](/faq#when-to-send-a-patch) has some guiding on when to send a patch.

Author: ```suggestion
Check our [FAQ](/faq#when-to-create-a-patch) has some guiding on when to send a patch.
```

> Check our [FAQ](/faq#when-to-send-a-patch) has some guiding on when to send a patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
For more information regarding when to create a patch, refer to our [FAQs](/faq#when-to-create-a-patch)
:::
```

> Check our [FAQ](/faq#when-to-create-a-patch) has some guiding on when to send a patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
For more information regarding when to create a patch, refer to our [FAQs](/faq#when-to-create-a-patch)
:::
```
